working on the girl was a battery view
tragedy electric toothbrush
stayed in the Luhansk region
girls about him was dripped battery
angry at the plan dolly car is not a fraction of shafts
kind of come on the next day to light
to release dytynna died wine dolls and
our correspondents primary ulyana
most feared here is an older sister and
corolla wine and chinese teak apparatus
for the kind of beat the teeth of Carolina
devoid these happened about and
turned back we are better
disassembled spent there the most was 2
lithium batteries of which they turn off
[music]
I went to bed I went to Karni abs there
severe and you meant a diagnosis
you did not rejoice and wrote out and - 2
days
hive did not become evil won the Dnieper there nila
Granny with Yanukovych whispers or Karni
Dimka stating a girl in intensive care what
breathing she moaned they now
claim and we brought pipes from
they know no one is expensive
nurse I screamed I asked do
anything
And on the phone, I will do it
does a crisis just get out hdd on data
brought to the knife forensic examination
here whether she helped in
inner bed and no equal ah
do you know bark lithium battery size
from 25 kopecks in it stuck and blew up
aorta pattern.
gauze through them foliage physicians and an hour
fern drilling yak slide not abs
too lodygin and fought islands course
parties did not want I do not want others
children, too, have suffered
from doctors not all go bad bot in
this situation, I want her to bear
punishment for this attitude or curry
of his know daddy hour radius bar
I am greedy for the spell
see on the outside body bulo a
Solid battery jacket that she could
Peaslee of any grazing occurs
and who is to blame for the fact that he is a child of us
the situation is this battery
grounds for assuming
foreign body in the child’s body is not
there was smoke and Russia do not eat by the fact
smart dt to the prosecutor's office commissioned a card
on the right I intercede the prosthesis by sight
rush to the right of the pair qualify
bath service nobility and in dreams of green
tea healers are most likely to
hour finding first time gave fed
you have a battery already in the stomach
at the girl such bude exhibitions of experts
kind of seen pestering years ie
The decision on FSB is equal to the barrel
you need young you had a bite like that
punished this watch the medic i canon
Volodin Perminov
and the words art became art to the sides
Karpenko program dick on the herd